In addition to storing data in a database one of the other things we can do with HP on the server is
send emails.
Let's add a contact page to our site to do just that.
We'll create a new file in the route called contact DOC P. HP.
Let's add the common header footer and a title.
Then we need a farm and labels and inputs for an e-mail address a message subject and the content of
the message.
And finally the button to submit the farm now that we're using bootstrap let's also add the classes
to style this farm.
When we open this page in the browser we get an error.
This is because the header include is using the arth class to display the navigation links.
Depending on whether a user is logged in or not.
We can fix this by requiring the initialization script at the top.
And this includes the artle loader.
While we're here in the header include Let's add a link to the new page in the navigation section.
In the browser there's the new link in the navigation header and the error is no longer displayed when
we view the new contact page.
We do need the text area element were using for the message to be a bit larger though.
We could do this by adding a value for the roles attribute to the text area element in the farm.
But let's keep the hasty email as simple as we can and do it in C S S instead.
This will set the height of the elements with the idea of message to 10 e Ms.
E M is a unit relative to the current font size 1.
I am being the current font size to be m being twice the size and so on.
Now in the browser the text area for the message body is much larger.